Doc Update: user deletion (#40114)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/user_data_deletion.md

- Sourcegraph extensions published by the user on the instance the deletion request is sent to.
- User, Organization, or Global settings authored or modified by the user.
- Bulk operations on changesets and batch changes created by the user.

> > WARNING: If deleted and recreated a user will no longer have access to the configurations and customizations they may have made for their old account. The database will store information about their previous configuration, but a user associated with a new `id` in the `users` table of `pgsql` will be created. For example site admin privileges will have to be re assigned if a once site admin user is deleted and recreated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WARNING: If deleted and recreated a user will no longer have access to the configurations and customizations they may have made for their old account. The database will store information about their previous configuration, but a user associated with a new `id` in the `users` table in PostgreSQL will be created. For example, site admin privileges will have to be re-assigned if a once site admin user is deleted and recreated. 
```
